Cooperative cancellation sample (#5451)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/endpoint-cancellation/sample.md

---

> title: Endpoint cancellation

Author: ```suggestion
title: Cooperative cancellation
```

> summary: Stopping an endpoint with a cancellation token

Author: ```suggestion
summary: Stopping both the endpoint and a long running handler with a cancellation token
```
